This popular no-fearing at first is by chance quite together
Feel like
Hey little to Asahi
Badly in the
ske
Only change order only in 1 sheet order meeting with 4 sheets 3
I'm going to edit the other deck's description, so maybe it's all right
It is good to do
Oh Zoar Un'e'
Yes
Seeing Jas is early, I wonder if there's a first thing of yabai
Naturally stylish
Hey
Evaluation is tacky and sloppy
Toro
It's a dream to be closed.
Streetcar or powder
Jasper will think again
There is something to pass through
Please use the bird cage which can be used
Nante wife
Someone turn
Low floor cuff Kurakura
Killhole
Use a book or a new card from the game that won the battle
Painter of taxi Falcon test
8 When your creature wins the battle , you can get it out of your hand .
It is a wonderful wonderful
Yes, are you bread smoked it just
It is early
Popular description
Cherry blossoms are famous for their quick explanation in the mountains
New publication dead start dash buster buster
Dance 4
Double break
It is early
I will go to the mystery that water is the third Arima
Hot spring cargo man had in yesterday's opening video Yes
Yes of course
To cool'll Han Ja do this good
Loss as a movie hey
Do more
here you go
higa 3 times because
8 power + will be requested data breaker
pot 4 thread
At first glance Nemu request
It was pacific saury eye to get you
Eenstove Stove seats in a large hall Jans Gray
Yeah it's not only mud song
Well turn around and hit a little
Endo and
Please name bidder also every time
Jasper key
draw
Much I do not know my deck
It is hard to introduce
4 too
Kachi Kochi
Tap about university and next turn is still that
You will not be untaped Yes
Well it freezes like a
In addition , the luster awakening with rhythm without mouth
Oh if rice Managure to Tteko & low
It will speed recapture of Kachikochi at 8 awakening
tech Renya 1 Draw 8
Something new card only
Then here attack on s of danger
eh
The noise won the pigeon for the amount which got the noise 0
Take out the jack of explosives from the hand Jack please
It will be a double brake cay
Hey burger
But already awful Jasper please
It's gavel that I also'm not sit face Shokori
Chan
I wonder and I die
Oops Next, it will increase if it increases by 10,000
Well I 'll leave this center untap Well
thumbs up
It is awakening when it is
Imai Doro strong
Finally
It's strong
Te 1 character
Antoinette to letters and self-portrait self-praise
It is called that there is no student study
In the 8 mana zone
Red and blue are the effects of Ms. safety 7
You can put it on the card deck when you double- break it
Te' go with two double section
I wonder if this stop is likely to be a Oh Jack double break
It is double w 7 power is nothing
0 to Dale pull in the attack in the breaker government lane
Yes
So throne Thank you Yes I the way I hope Kachikochi